Chapter 24:
Opening: Following the incident at Solomon Temple, Vedge's army begins its liberation campaign for the Unnamed Kingdom in earnest. For the following weeks, several battles were fought between the liberation army and the Unnamed Kingdom's knights. However despite their best efforts, the liberation army was losing, unable to match the raw numbers of the Unnamed Knights...

Beginning
Vedge: Gods above... look at all those soldiers.
Verge: There's so many, and our flanks have been cut off completely in our previous defeats…
Null: Is this… the end?
Vedge: No! I won't let it end like this. We must escape!
Verge: But to where?! We are quickly running out of options!
Vedge: The Northfort!
Null: What, the best-defended fort in the Unnamed Kingdom?! Surely you jest, sire?
Vedge: This is no jest, Null. The Northfort is the most populated fort in all of the unnamed kingdom. Attacking it sounds borderline suicidal, much more so attempting to flee there. If my mother thinks so as well, we have our opening.
Verge: This still sounds absurd...
Vedge: I know, but while this sounds absurd, I believe it to be the only open path to us remaining.
Null: Well, nothing ventured, nothing gained, right? If we’re to die in battle, we may as well die with glory!

Village 1:
Villager: Things have been terrible since the Blitz War started. Queen Void levied an extreme “emergency tax” on everyone, and press-ganged anyone who could so much as hold a sword into service. There weren't enough farmers for the harvest this year because of this, and it looks as if the people might starve, but what does the Queen care? She has plenty of food in reserve. She won't feel the pain of starvation as we will, unless we become her personal slaves! Our sole hope was that the liberation army would succeed, but it's clear to us that they are on the verge of being crushed by the Unnamed Knights’ vast numbers… Oh, I shouldn't burden such kind visitors with my sorrow. Take this; I'm sure you will get much more use of it than I.

Village 2: 
Villager: I can't believe this war is happening. The country turned against its own self... It's so horrible! I… Ugh. My spirits may be with the rebellion but, UGH! GET AWAY FROM ME, YOU DOGS OF WAR! 
Visitor:... What's this?

Chapter Won:
Vedge: Come on, everyone! We must continue moving!