No need to include this. This is for organisational purposes. - Darr

Prologue: All there. Boss quote on wrong side of screen.
Chapter 1:
Jazzack uses Karel's portrait in boss quote
Chapter 2:
Cortez has no battle/death quote
Chapter 3:
No map narration
Chien has no battle/death quote
Chapter 4:
Elitor has no battle quote and death quote uses Morva's portrait
Hecwood has no battle quote and death quote uses Riev's portrait
Chapter 5:
Grudge (named in table) uses generic soldier portrait and is on wrong side
Chapter 6:
Large amount of yellow houses unvisitable
Lash has no battle and placeholder death quote
Chapter 7:
No map narration
Edgelard lacks death quote
Chapter 8:
Dennis (named in dialogue) lacks battle quote
Chapter 9:
Faust lacks battle/death quote
Chapter 10:
Boss lacks battle/death quote
Chapter 11:
Sweet Boss lacks battle/death quote
Chapter 12:
Cameron (named in dialogue) lacks battle quote  and death quote is a placeholder
Bojo (named in dialogue) lacks battle quote and death quote is a placeholder
Chapter 13:
No map narration
Dark Man Man lacks battle/death quote
Chapter 14:
No map narration
Splenda's house is unvisitable
Chapter 15:
No map narration
Zane's portrait glitches out when Verge runs off in opening
I just realised I never attacked Benny so I dunno if he has a quote or not - not that there'd be much more than barking
Chapter 16:
No map narration
Wrath has no battle quote and death quote is a placeholder
Chapter 17:
Unrelated but note to self: doors are bugged; key only works on the left tile
Both villages has visitor instead of villager talk
Boss has no battle/death quote
Chapter 18:
Boss has no battle/death quote
Chapter 19:
No map narration by design; opening is a placeholder
Saber recruitment is a placeholder
Switch activation is a placeholder
Medea has no battle/death quote
Karel-face has no battle/death quote
Chapter 20:
Opening is a placeholder
Post-battle prep is a placeholder
Switch activation is a placeholder
Claire has no battle/death quote
Kamito has no battle/death quote
Chapter 21:
Chapter is nameless
Opening is bugged out
Boss has no battle and placeholder death quote
Chapter 22:
Narration isn't the standard format
Chapter 23:
No boss; no quote
Chapter 24:
Nothing visitable, whether village or house
Chapter 25:
Placeholder text after the Blue Gem is obtained
Mike has no battle quote and placeholder death quote
Two ending scenes are placeholders
Chapter 26:
Opening formatting is wonky all around
Placeholder text after battle prep
Draco (named in dialogue) has no battle/death quote... though it is a dragon zombie
Infernos (named in dialogue) has no battle/death quote
Chapter 27:
Sandy has no battle/death quote - though again, dragon zombie
Chapter 28:
Three pieces of placeholder text in the opening
Placeholder text after battle prep
Houses unvisitable
Bottom-left village placeholder
I never checked the game devs to see if they have battle quotes. Oops.
Chapter 29:
Placeholder text after battle prep
Houses unvisitable
Final Chapter:
Return of the VBA roster! They probably should all have quotes written for them. Ugh, that'll take forever. Do we even have enough IDs for that? Void herself, at the very least, needs battle/death quotes. She's the final boss!
Far house unvisitable
No character endings. Do we need them?